Add microbit-pxt-code-extractor (disclaimer: a tool I wrote) (#642)
carlosperate/awesome-microbit: README.md

- [micro:bit uploader](https://makecode.microbit.org/uploader) - Windows application that monitors your Downloads folder and flashes any new programs to the micro:bit.
- [Hardware Simulation with QEMU](https://www.qemu.org/2019/05/22/microbit/) - Emulation support for the micro:bit is available from QEMU 4.0 and can be used for low-level software testing and development.
- [WebUSB flashing tool](https://microbit.org/tools/webusb-hex-flashing/) - Tool to flash (program) any BBC micro:bit hex file using the WebUSB technology available in Chrome and Edge browsers.

> - [microbit-pxt-code-extractor](https://github.com/maehw/microbit-pxt-code-extractor) - Tool to extract the embedded source code from Universal Hex files generated by the PXT-based Microsoft MakeCode IDE for micro:bit (web IDE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [micro:bit PXT code extractor](https://github.com/maehw/microbit-pxt-code-extractor) - Tool to extract the embedded source code from Universal Hex files generated by the MakeCode editor.
```
